Documentation/account creation (#5)
qbicsoftware/research-data-management: docs/user/password_reset.md

# Password Reset

The data manager application provides an easy and secure solution
to set a new password should a password associated with a user account be lost.
To reset your password the following steps have to be taken

1. [Provide the account credentials for which the password should be reset](#trigger-password-reset)
2. [Follow the password reset link you received in your email](#validate-the-password-reset-trigger)
3. [Set a new password for the account according to the password policy](#set-a-new-password-for-the-account)

## Trigger Password Reset

> From the login page you can navigate to a dedicated password reset site via the "Forgot password"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the login page you can navigate to a dedicated password reset dialog via the "Forgot password"
```

Author: Let's compromise on "view". A dialog is in our context a pop up window into which the user will provide his information

Reviewer: agreed!

link
on the bottom of the login
![login_password_reset](images/password_reset/password_reset.png)

> You should now be able to see the password reset site:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should now be able to see the password reset dialog:
```

Author: Let's compromise on "view". A dialog is in our context a pop up window into which the user will provide his information

![password_reset_email](images/password_reset/password_reset_email.png)

Please provide the email address of the account for which the password should be reset

> and press the "Send" button which will email the provided account with further instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and press the "Send" button. You will receive an email with further instructions.
```
